Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going to
explain a comic science fiction action film
called “Iron sky.” Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
In 2018, an American spacecraft named “Liberty”
lands on the moon’s surface. After landing, the
ship unveils the election campaign poster of the
current U.S. president. It has been sponsored by
the president to promote her re-election campaign.
The spacecraft carries two astronauts named
Sanders and James Washinton. Sanders’s mission is
to inspect the surface of the moon for chemicals.
As he does, he reports back the presence of
Helium-3 on the surface. He then wanders off
a bit further from their ship and loses connection
with the mission control. Sander is surprised when
he comes across a gigantic Helium-3 mine with
several people working on it. Astronaut James
is near their spaceship, waiting for Sanders.
Sanders turns around to call him to come to
check the mine, but a person wearing a Nazi
armband sneaks up behind him and shoots him dead.
A shocked James tries to run to his ship,
but the person blows up the whole ship,
leaving him no way to return home. He falls on
the ground and is surrounded by people wearing
Nazi armbands. He is then taken somewhere through
the well-built roads inside the mining base.
The camera zooms out, showing us
the swastika-shaped Nazi base.
Somewhere else on the moon, a German teacher named
Renate Richter teaches a bunch of school children.
As they study, we know that the children
were born on the moon and have never been
to the earth. Renate teaches the kids to speak
in English, claiming that the language will help
when they return to the Earth to help humanity.
As it turns out when the Nazis were defeated at
the end of world war two, some of them escaped to
the “dark side” of the moon to avoid being killed.
The soldiers have since created a colony
and have been living on the moon's surface
for generations in complete secrecy.
The Nazi soldiers bring astronaut James to
the Nazi commander, Klaus Adler, at their base.
Adler presents James in front of their leader,
Wolfgang Kortzfleisch, referred
to as Führer by his people.
Meanwhile, on Earth, the US President talks about
the campaign’s failure to her campaign manager.
She had chosen James for the mission because
he is an African-American so that she can
gather more African-American
votes in the coming election.
The president demands her manager to do
whatever she can to cover up the mishap.
Back on the moon, Adler fetches Renate to come
and speak to James in English. Adler and Renate
seem to be in a relationship. James manages to
attack the German soldiers and frees himself
from captivity but is stuck in the base as he
doesn’t know the way out. He mistakenly knocks
out Adler and comes across a surprised Renate near
the airlock. Before the woman can say anything,
James pulls down a lever thinking it will open
the exit, but instead, it opens the airlock.
Both he and Renate are pulled by air pressure.
They somehow manage to get inside and close the
airlock quickly. By then, Adler has caught up
with James and is furious. He points his gun
at the man and is about to shoot him, but stops
when James mentions he knows the US President.
Adler wants to extract information from James,
so he sends him to Dr. Richter’s laboratory.
Adler and Dr. Richter are intrigued by James’s
cell phone and ask him what it is. James answers
it is a phone, similar to their computers, Dr.
Richter laughs in disbelief. Apparently, the Nazis
are still behind in technological advancements.
Dr. Richter shows James a huge machine,
claiming that it is a computer and his cell phone
is too tiny to be one. Dr. Richter suggests they
cut James’s brain open to inspect its size, but
Adler wants to get information out of him.
Back at the United Nations headquarters, an
American UN representative gives a detailed
explanation of the failed lunar mission. The US
president’s campaign manager is frustrated because
of the campaign failing and scolds her employees
for presenting her with terrible PR ideas.
At the moon base, Adler visits Renate in
her room to propose to her for marriage,
which on the moon is called the “legal union.”
He presents her with a confirmation certificate
that their DNA matches 97 percent and reveals
his wish to produce perfect offspring with her.
He wants to be the most powerful in
their base and rule the earth someday.
Somewhere else in the base, we get
to see the Lunar Nazi’s project:
the battleship Götterdämmerung, which has been
under development for 40 years. It is the dream
of the führer Wolfgang Kortzfleisch to complete
the battleship. They plan to use the battleship
to go back to earth and conquer it. Dr. Richter
finally realizes that the cell phone brought by
James has a thousand times more computing power
than all their computers. Dr. Richter connects the
phone to the battleship and demonstrates its power
to the führer. Everyone is surprised and impressed
when the small cell phone starts the battleship.
But, soon it stops because the phone is out of
battery. Adler asks führer for permission to visit
the Earth and fetch more such cell phones.
He believes that someday, the earth will
attack them, and they will need the power
of cell phones on their side. Führer claims that
no one who went to the Earth has ever returned,
but Adler is adamant that he will.
In the following scene, we see James being
kept in a room with speakers near him that blast
nazi propaganda at all times. Renate sneaks in
and introduces herself to him. She asks him
about his skin color as she has never met a
dark-skinned person before. She also reveals that
Dr. Richter is her father. He has been injecting
James's face with a drug to make him look more
“Aryan.” Renate advises James to pretend to be
a nazi or else he will be eliminated soon.
Adler then gets ready to leave for the earth.
Before he departs, Dr. Richter presents
a now ‘aryanised’ James to him. His skin
and hair have turned white because of the
drugs, and he is now in the Nazi uniform.
He, with Adler, Renate, and a guard, leave for the
Earth. Their spaceship lands on someone’s farm in
New York. The owner of the farm shoots one of the
guards dead, making the other three flee from the
place. Adler steals a vehicle from some men and
asks James to take him to the US president. James,
with no way out, takes them to the president’s
campaign manager, Vivian. Adler abducts the
manager and throws James out of the vehicle, since
he is of no use to him any longer. Adler then asks
Vivian the whereabouts of the President.
Renate realizes that Adler’s mission is to
attack the earth, which doesn’t align with what
they had been told. She tries to retaliate,
but Adler asks her to recite what
she always does to her students.
Renate starts saying a monologue about their aim
to bring peace and prosperity to the world.
Vivian is impressed by Renate’s oratory skills
and devises a plan to use her to help energize the
President’s re-election. She then takes the duo
to meet the president, who approves of the plan.
They start a campaign of Nazi-style propaganda to
get the president re-elected and are successful
in it. Adler and Renate enjoy themselves on the
Earth so much that they forget their mission.
Meanwhile, James has been protesting alone on
the streets about the Nazis on the moon.
Several days pass, and Renate has been
working for the president ever since.
One day, she meets James, and the two go to
a theater to watch a Charlie Chaplin movie.
When she comes out of the theater, she realizes
that Nazis were actually horrible people.
Meanwhile, Vivian has started to gather feelings
for Adler as she finds him charismatic. Vivian
starts making out with Adler as the two walk into
Adler’s office. As they make out, Adler tells her
of his plan to invade earth after eliminating
führer, who is on the moon. When Adler looks up,
he sees the moon-Nazi führer and his men in his
office. He has come to earth to find out why Adler
is taking so long to retrieve the computers.
Führer, knowing Adler’s plan, takes the two
hostages. Just then, Renate barges into the
room and confronts Adler about his mission.
She denounces nazi propaganda, finally
realizing Adler was wrong the whole time.
Führer has decided to kill all of them, but
Vivian manages to get her hands on a gun.
She kills Führer and all of his men.
Adler realizes that Renate has grown to
like the earthlings, so, claiming that she has
betrayed the Nazis, he is now about to kill her.
But James comes to her aid and
the two manage to run away.
Adler steals Vivian’s iPad and announces himself
as the new führer. He then takes the former
führer’s spacecraft to the earth's orbit, leaving
Vivian behind. Adler launches the invasion of
Earth using a fleet of space-Zeppelins and flying
saucers. They destroy the statue of liberty and,
ultimately, the entire city of New York.
Renate watches the Nazis destroy the US
and devises a plan. She wants to go back to
the base on the moon to bring the battleship
Götterdämmerung and fight the Nazis. The United
Nations assembles to discuss the attacks.
The American president appoints an
American Mars exploration spacecraft,
the USS GWB to fight the Nazis. She appoints
Vivian as the commander of the spacecraft. But
they soon get overpowered and ask for help from
other nations. The spaceships of other countries
come to the rescue. Adler returns to the moon
after ordering the ships to fight till their
last breath. He has brought Vivian’s tablet to
activate the battleship Götterdämmerung.
After all the countries assemble their military,
they manage to wipe out the Nazi spaceships. Then,
the spaceships make their way towards the moon’s
base. Adler boards the battleship and gets ready
to fight the space coalition. Meanwhile, Renate
and James sneak into the battleship as well.
Renate heads towards the bridge, looking for
Adler while James goes to meet Dr. Richter.
The human’s spacecraft arrives at the moon
and attacks everyone in the Nazi base.
Adler panics as the moon starts to fall and
orders his men to start the Helium-3 engines.
The battleship ventures into the air. Adler then
orders for the cannons to be fired, but Earth is
on the other side of the moon, out of the firing
line. To make the earth stand in the line of fire,
Adler bombs parts of the moon.
Meanwhile, Renate plays the Nazi anthem
making the nazi officers perform a salute
as she walks towards Fuhrer. James finally
manages to disconnect Vivian's tablet, while
Renate kills Adler by electrocuting him before
he can fire at Earth. Renate and James narrowly
escape as the battleship crashes into the Moon.
The US president congratulates Commander Vivian on
their victory, but Vivian mistakenly discloses the
presence of large tanks of helium-3 on the moon,
and all the UN representatives from different
countries hear it. All of them want to claim the
tanks as their own, as such a large quantity of
Helium-3 can supply energy for several years.
The UN members get into an argument,
and the fleet of spaceships that were
working together, turn against each other.
They begin to launch missiles at each
other’s spaceships and chaos ensues again.
On the moon’s base, Renate walks into her
old classroom, where the survivors of the
base wait for her. She tells them that
they can rehabilitate on earth in peace.
She then reunites with Washington,
who has gained his complexion back.
The two finally kiss. The movie ends as the camera
zooms out, showing us the half-broken moon.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a
like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.